docs(cases): add overview pages for the three Cases v1 services (#92)
coralogix/cx-api-docs: api-reference/v5/case-events-service/overview.mdx

# Case Events service overview

> The Case Events service manages the events that appear on a case's Activity timeline. Use it to list the events on a case, retrieve a single event by ID, and create, update, or delete comment events on a case. The service also exposes a sync endpoint that lets external systems (for example, ServiceNow) post events back into the case timeline.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Case Events service manages the events that appear on a case's Activity timeline. Use it to list the events on a case, retrieve a single event by ID, and create, update, or delete comment events on a case. The service also exposes a sync endpoint that lets Coralogix Cases to pull comments from external systems (for example, Slack) into the case timeline.
```
